how everyone?
So this is a practice lab session for best color.
So I'm going to use eco.
How funny is to enable the interpretation off backs less escapes and then I can use this
Backslash this one.
I want tohave color.
Right.
So to start the killer,
we have this option.
This one here you can see in this index,
right?
And after that differently.
No policy Have simple They warn,
you know,
31 in the foreground.
That is red color.
So I'm putting there on after that you have to put em at the end and then you can type
anything like Hello.
How are you?
They so that would be in Red club on how close this home you have to puts less E That is my
scribe record zero Um that's all you can see.
The output is in red color,
I think on if you want to have,
you know,
some different colors.
Like I want to have green.
Green is Toledo.
So I can put Teddy to here.
So whatever color you want,
you can put it.
Blue is 34.
All right now you want to have the ground caressing that is this one back.
I want both.
So that is how we can use.
So I want blue.
That is for the four grown on for background.
I warn toe this red 1 41 So you have to use like this way 34.
That is for my you know,
foregone.
First you have to mention that for gone and then this one that growing I'm putting 41 So
you have to use a comma 41 And I think it's semi gonna your semi gonna I can see the
airport.
It's not looking good.
So I put some of the color here.
I'm putting this one My this background 41 is not looks Let me put it green for you now It
looks good now.
So it is up to you in a what color you are choosing.
So this bacon put the colors apart from that you can post like some underlying characters
as well.
If you want to have the underline that I can put like this way for underline that is for um
So you put four.
I'm here.
I can see that it is coming as a four hour.
So let me try to put all off.
That is for him.
I can see that.
And output,
Everything is there,
right on the line.
Is there everything?
Let me remove this 1 41 40.
I can see this one.
Okay,
so from there.
So for this lecture and then the next lexical start for you,
you how to create the school.
So thanks for watching.
We'll soon the next elected.